Add Source Schema events to Tracking Plan (#5467)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/protocols/faq.md

Unplanned property omission is only supported for cloud-mode destinations. Unplanned properties will not be omitted when they're sent to device-mode destinations.

### How to import events from the Source Schema to a Tracking Plan

> You can import events into the tracking from the source schema when you initially create your tracking plan. Also, you can manually add these events by clicking the the (+) next to the event in your source 
> schema page once the tracking plan has been connected.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you first create your Tracking Plan, you can add events from your Source Schema by selecting the **Import events from Source** button on the Tracking Plan editor page. You can manually add these events after you've connected your Source Schema to your Tracking Plan by clicking the (+) next to the event on your Source Schema page.  
```
